docs: update docs on custom jest preset (#1316)
callstack/react-native-testing-library: README.md

> ### Custom Jest Preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom Jest Preset (React Native before 0.71)
```

> > **important** if you use "modern" Fake Timers and React Native < 0.71.2

Reviewer 2: This commit is available in all 0.71 variants
<img width="798" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5106466/218985643-61b9f294-0c7e-4212-8097-9fefea63f4fd.png">

Author: Oh I hadn't seen this, I updated the docs accordingly, thanks!

> > **important** if you use "modern" Fake Timers and React Native < 0.71
> 
> We generally advise to use the "react-native" preset when testing with this library. However, if you use ["modern" Fake Timers](https://jestjs.io/blog/2020/05/05/jest-26#new-fake-timers) (default since Jest 27), you'll need to apply our custom Jest preset or awaiting promises, like `waitFor`, will timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generally advise to use the "react-native" preset when testing with this library.

However, if you use React Native version earlier than 0.71 with [modern Jest fake timers](https://jestjs.io/blog/2020/05/05/jest-26#new-fake-timers) (default since Jest 27), you'll need to apply this custom Jest preset or otherwise awaiting promises, like using `waitFor` or `findBy*`, queries will fail with timeout.
```
